Add better version switching experience (#1005)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [An existing doc page is removed](#an-existing-doc-page-is-removed)
- [An existing doc page is renamed](#an-existing-doc-page-is-renamed)

If your contribution includes any of the above changes, then an update to [docs_version_timeline.yml](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/blob/master/app/_data/docs_version_timeline.yml) is required.

Configuration format:
```yml
slug: <article's slug>
aliases: list of article's renamed slugs (if any)
timeline: (specify versions in reverse order)
  <release_version>: <slug_override>
  ...
  ...
```

#### A new doc page is created
If a new doc page (e.g. [Proxy Reference](https://docs.konghq.com/0.14.x/proxy)) is added in a version (e.g. `0.4.x`), then it must be configured as such:
```yml
-
  slug: "proxy"
  timeline:
    0.4.x:  "PAGE_CREATED"
```

#### An existing doc page is removed
If a doc page (e.g. [Authenticating the Developer Portal](https://docs.konghq.com/enterprise/0.31-x/developer-portal/authentication/)) is deleted in a version (e.g. `0.32-x`), then it must be configured as such:
```yml
-
  slug: "developer-portal/authentication"
  timeline:
    0.32-x:  "PAGE_DELETED"
```

#### An existing doc page is renamed

> If a doc page (e.g. [Adding your API](https://docs.konghq.com/0.11.x/getting-started/adding-your-api/)) is renamed in a version (e.g. `0.13.x`), then it must be configured as such:

Reviewer: The examples given in this document are meaningful and helpful since they highlight a document at a given version (e.g. 0.11.x), and what happens to this document in a later version (here, 0.13.x). However, once the Markdown rendered, those examples will be less meaningful, because the version number will now show up in the text, but only in the link's `href` attribute.

I suggest:
```suggestion
If a documentation page (e.g. [Adding your API in 0.11.x](https://docs.konghq.com/0.11.x/getting-started/adding-your-api/)) is renamed in a subsequent version (e.g. `0.13.x`), then its timeline must be specified as such:
```
